README.md, before:

# Eco-Libre Genesis Booth

The Eco-Libre Genesis Booth is a simple storage shed with >1 kW of PV solar panels on the roof.

<img src="images/genesis-booth_2023.06.png?raw=true" alt="Screenshot of CAD file"></a>

This is the first structure to be built when jumpstarting a new off-grid community. It provides the power, storage, and outdoor workshop space needed to build-out the community.

## Features

1. 4x PV Solar Panels on the roof
1. Electrical charge controller, batteries, inverter, etc
1. Large Individual storage lockers for volunteers' personal belongings
1. Ample shelf-space for tools
1. Two large covered outdoor spaces for living & working

## Concept

Typically if someone buys land somewhere remote (off-grid & without utilities), they first bring-in diesel generators to power the tools needed to begin construction.

The "Genesis Booth" is an alternative that would permit constructing a new off-grid community or homestead using renewable, solar energy.

The expectation is that people move-in with camping gear. They purchase four 1 meter x 2 meter solar panels and spend their first weeks building the Genesis Booth. After the booth is complete, they have a weather-proof shed for storing tools and a covered workspace to continue construction.

# License

Copyright (C) 2023 Michael Altfield and the Eco-Libre Team

The contents of this repo are under the GPL version 3 or later.
In addition, any content other than code can also be used, at your
choice, under CC-BY-SA version 4.0.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

added link to Launch Nest

README.md, after:

# Eco-Libre Genesis Booth

The Eco-Libre Genesis Booth is a simple storage shed with >1 kW of PV solar panels on the roof.

<img src="images/genesis-booth_2023.06.png?raw=true" alt="Screenshot of CAD file"></a>

This is the first structure to be built when jumpstarting a new off-grid community. It provides the power, storage, and outdoor workshop space needed to build-out the community.

## Features

1. 4x PV Solar Panels on the roof
1. Electrical charge controller, batteries, inverter, etc
1. Large Individual storage lockers for volunteers' personal belongings
1. Ample shelf-space for tools
1. Two large covered outdoor spaces for living & working

## Concept

Typically if someone buys land somewhere remote (off-grid & without utilities), they first bring-in diesel generators to power the tools needed to begin construction.

The "Genesis Booth" is an alternative that would permit constructing a new off-grid community or homestead using renewable, solar energy.

The expectation is that people move-in with camping gear. They purchase four 1 meter x 2 meter solar panels and spend their first weeks building the Genesis Booth. After the booth is complete, they have a weather-proof shed for storing tools, enough power for metal- and wood-working tools ([saws, drills, welder](https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/How_to_Build_the_4_Machines_in_a_Basic_Workshop)) and a covered workspace to continue construction (eg the [Eco-Libre Launch Nest](https://github.com/Eco-Libre/launch-nest)).

# License

Copyright (C) 2023 Michael Altfield and the Eco-Libre Team

The contents of this repo are under the GPL version 3 or later.
In addition, any content other than code can also be used, at your
choice, under CC-BY-SA version 4.0.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
